Using the following mock APIs, create a blog frontend using a framework of your choice (Angular, React, Vue). 
API DETAILS: 
Host: https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com 
GET /users 
GET /posts/1 
GET /posts/1/comments 
GET /comments?postId=1 
GET /posts?userId=1&skip=0&limit=10 
DELETE /posts/1 
TASK DETAILS: 

Home page: A simple table to display users, with columns as name, company, blog posts. Using the /users API, 
fill up the name and company name of each user along with a link to the Posts page of that particular user. 
It should have a filter for user name and company name. 

Posts page: This page url will take a parameterised userId and will display the list of posts 
(use the post title) of that particular user. Each of these will have a link to the Post Details Page.
 Use pagination with skip, limit params in the API. It should have a filter for post title text matching. 

Post Details Page: Use URL parameters to get the post ID and fetch the details accordingly with respective 
API. Display both title and body. It should also have a filter for text matching in title as well as body. 
There will also be a link Comments. Clicking on the comments link
will fetch the comments and show them on this page itself. Also there will be a delete button on this page 
which will delete the post calling the respective api. After a successful response from delete API, 
it will redirect to the Posts page of the respective user again. You would be assessed on the following 
criteria: 



● Completeness of all functionalities along with efficient code structuring and naming practices 
● Design and styling practises, along with responsiveness across devices ● Use of a central store management mechanism is encouraged 
● Proper error handling and interaction with the user using loaders, etc. 
● The use of a CSS preprocessor would be appreciated 
For some extra brownie points: 
● The use of sprites instead of many large images 
● Implementation of a dark theme (alternate color combination profiles) ● Option of switching between design layouts in the home screen (listing, cards, expansive panels, etc.)
